# IIIT Sri City - SDE(T) Assignment (September 2023)
The assignment is done using django-python
Task Accomplished
1. user-signup (POST)
2. user-listing (GET)
3. document-upload (POST)
4. document-listing (GET)

### User Signup

- **Endpoint:** POST /signup
- **Description:** Users can sign up using their mobile number and a password.
- **Validation:**
  - Mobile numbers should be 10 digits and unique for each user in the system.
  - Passwords should be at least 8 characters long and contain at least one alphabet, one number, and one special character.
- **User Input Validation:** User input should be validated, and an error must be returned if validation fails.
- **Action:** Upon passing validations, create a new user in the system.

### Users Listing

- **Endpoint:** GET /users
- **Description:** List all the users in the system (display only their mobile numbers).

### Document Management [Authenticated Endpoint - For Document Owner]

- **Endpoint:** POST /document
- **Description:** Users can upload a single document using this endpoint.
- **Requirements:**
  - A mandatory name must be given to the document. The name can be a maximum of 50 characters and should contain only alphanumeric and space characters.
  - Each document in the system must have a unique ID generated by the server.
  - The document is specified by a non-empty JSON object in the request.
  - The authenticated user is the owner of this document.
- **Response:** If document addition is successful, return its unique ID to the user.

- **Endpoint:** GET /document
- **Description:** List all the documents owned by the authenticated user (display only the document names and IDs).

